1.What is Emmet?
Ans:Emmet is a free add-on for your text editor that allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded into full pieces of code.

2.Difference between Library and Framework?
Framework:
A framework is used for building and deploying an application quickly. 
When we use a framework, we can use resources to facilitate faster development and a greater user experience.

Librabry:
A library is used to enhance the functionality of an application. 
If we develop our own library, we can use the functions in many applications.

3.What is CDN? Why we use it?

CDN:
A CDN improves efficiency by introducing intermediary servers between the client and the website server. 
These CDN servers manage some of the client-server communications. 
They decrease web traffic to the web server, reduce bandwidth consumption,
and improve the user experience of your applications.

Without a CDN, all web requests will have to be accommodated by the host origin server itself. 
If the website becomes too popular, it will attract a lot of traffic at the same time. 
It could be too much for the host server and it could lead to slow delivery of content, or worse, website failure.

4.Why is React know as React?
React is called React because it is a library that reacts to changes in data and updates the user interface accordingly. 
It was originally developed by Facebook and was released as an open-source project in 2013.
The name "React" reflects its purpose of reacting to changes in data and rendering the appropriate changes in the user interface.

5.What is cross-origin in the script tag?
The crossorigin attribute specifies that the link element supports CORS. 
CORS stands for Cross Origin Resource Sharing. CORS is a standard mechanism to 
retrieve files from a third party domain or server.
If specified, the stylesheet or icon file request will be sent with or without credentials.

6.What is the diffence between React and ReactDOM
React is a JavaScript library for building User Interfaces 
ReactDOM is the JavaScript library that allows React to interact with the DOM.
 As the name implies, ReactDOM is the glue between React and the DOM

7.What is the diffence between react.development.js and react.production.js via cdn?
The production version will be optimized in a few ways--smaller file size by minimizing 
variable names and removing white space, etc--whereas the development version will remain 
readable, might include source maps, etc., making it better for debugging and 
development usage.Functionally they're the same

8.what is the difference between async and defer?
Async:
------
when we use async attribute in the script tag, the job of async is when the html parsing
is continues till the script tag is fetched from the network. after that html parsing is paused 
till the script excutes .after excution only again html parsing continues till expanded

Defer:
----
When we use defer attribute, the html parsing and script was fetching from the network will continues
parllal,but the excution of the script will start only after completion of the html parsing.

